[Music]
stay away from
last night we arrived when it's dark so
you might think it we've got here about
nine and a long social electric went off
and everything and would only been in
the room like thirty minutes
so through went back to reception and
everyone was gone it was pitch black
like both our phones had like three
percent so
it was a joy it was like something out
horror film I watched so many horror
movies and it was just not the scene out
that and there's not one I think that we
only saw like to the guys that stayed
here so I went to their room and then
they must have been asleep or like where
are they
we were locked in and say hello and no
one answered
we're down like literally in the middle
of nowhere like the track we came down
here was so long and we have no idea
like when the signal on our phones
between the motor set off but I do I had
that Fiat we survived the night you
deserve to know
it was funny that we conducted I was
petrified but yes today we are going to
hire two scooters and go around the
island anyway enough about chitchat I'm
going to take you along with us today
and yeah we'll just show what we get up
to like a little bungalow I love this
whole outside bit of the window like
super cool and different and it was so
reasonable like reasoning practically
walking here and there's a huge bed was
not a fan up here and there's also
aircon - we'll just don't throw stuff
and this huge mirror like steps down
the ground as well and use like shipping
when the
so I got here and this is the outdoor
bathroom how I'll do that
set the shower and everything's here and
just this part that is like the top it
off and then yeah
Shadid I'm over here don't think and
towel areas
[Music]
those are open water is Hokies gone for
like a curry chicken style Filipino dish
and some calamari and some garlic rice
that's pretty big in the background no
you deserve it I feel a celebration a
bit
a little taxi Amazon right so I've got
some crazy hair going on right now my
hair like because I've been in that of
the see some emojis stripped my color
and don't know what we're going for
right now but here we go it's curly
frizzy just arrived in to this gorgeous
little Villareal and it's using really
quick we haven't stayed in anything like
this in the whole month that we've been
in the Philippines different dark wood
usually quite lighter
so it's an answer or switch hook it's so
exciting like seeing how different each
Island is Nicole it to see what this
one's like through that dog so just came
up downstairs and then here's a little
seat area that area why isn't it
focusing thinks it's dark and the aircon
unit there we call that blast and I love
that they've got coffee area because a
few that other place you've been haven't
happened and that's the first thing I do
in the morning and I've got some cute
little welcome to Rick then it walk
through here that looks like a blast
start for the coast gonna walk into that
she's a bit of glory new are you going
on also the palm trees and then you've
got the option to have a shower inside
to like an illusion what a good idea I
like the design a lot in here super cool
so you got this like person that phone
I just got on the bikes and we're gonna
drive around the whole of the island
[Music]
what an absolute little fire that it's
such a nice it's very the family's beach
[Music]
at Wilson you're not musing I haven't
actually had like a beach day yet like
to try reading books or just stay here
like an hour or two
I might go for a little swim we didn't
bring any snorkeling gear inside the
drone I'm wearing the orange lounge and
bikini that well in that fall and I love
it we come to wait it's like a wakeboard
hot or late late food cool thing so if
you give this a go just to stretch out
the shorties this should be fun
[Music]
so I've just done hair for the first
time in a while and I can't confirm I
just had to brush out a dreadlock which
was forming it the back of my hair is
chlorine and sea water is not doing as
well with this glorious tesco inside
protect it is actually I really wrote
this one but it's yet gases you're out
like it like sticks in the back your
throat so that's what I'm gonna do now
and then we're gonna head out
anyway I'm so happy you've captured this
moment of my hair being curly because I
assume that set foot out that door it
just goes manga heater
[Music]
operate with right really cater any good
to not attack each other little children
and some sort of did and okay
no sunlight so it was just stone got
back to the hotel both really exhausted
uh check traveling just takes it out and
he doesn't it
any place cheesecake with you Shh
Mason's just a really good job with
driving us back and forth and not ruined
over any Doc's mind all these plugs but
off this is the best feeling when you're
just over eaten
I can't wait to jump in to watch thank
you so much for watching this video I
really hope you enjoyed it and hopefully
I'll see you guys in next one don't
forget to hit subscribe to our channel
and like this video and I'll see you
guys in the next one